A3DTNIU8L8KW3Q--A3DTNIU8L8KW3Q		B000L87DRY--B00123CO44		I'm going to be extra picky about this product because I'm an Art Teacher as well as a mom.  I truly believe that kiddos deserve to use quality art supplies, no matter what age.  These brushes are fine for toddlers, but be warned that the natural bristles do fall out often and get stuck to the paint/paper.  I LOVE Melissa and Doug brand products, but if you're looking for brushes to go with their paint cups, my advice is to splurge a wee bit on some slightly softer, synthetic bristle brushes from another company.		horrible quality.  The stands are removable from the base, which causes some major tangle in the 'fishing line'.  Once this thing gets tangled, it's nearly impossible to get free.  Several pieces fell off within the first hour out of the box.  I've seen better versions of the Newton's Cradle.  This is not one of them.		1		Toys and Games--Toys and Games
A2CEHIMY2UBG4U--A3QGNLR6K6XB41		B005T25ZQS--B00I1024AK		I originally purchased the 1st generation version of the foxL portable speaker a few years back, after reading rave reviews about it online. I auditioned it for about 2 weeks and returned it, feeling very disappointed with the overwhelming distortion I heard via both Bluetooth and wired connections, even at low volumes. I was decidedly bummed, since for years I had been searching for a product which could deliver a truly portable high fidelity experience. Sad to say, the 1st gen foxL product badly missed the mark for me.  Well, I must say that the folks at Soundmatters have been busy since then, because the foxL Platinum v2.2 is a much improved product! Vastly improved dynamics and clarity, much better output and MUCH lower distortion. And while the sound quality via the "standard" wireless Bluetooth connection is certainly passable (I haven't tested the aptX connection yet), the sound quality via the supplied Audioquest Evergreen cable is astonishing! This newest version of the little foxL is a keeper!  UPDATE 4-12-12: I purchased the Sennheiser BTD 300i aptX-equipped Bluetooth dongle to try with my iPhone 4S. I wanted to see if the hype about "near CD" performance was achievable with aptX Bluetooth. If you elect to make this investment, I have a two pieces of advice: 1) shop around, the Sennheiser 300i dongle is pricey (I paid ~$80 from B&H PhotoVideo) and 2) make sure your iPhone's internal Bluetooth is turned off or you'll never get the 300i to connect with your foxL. (Of course there is no mention of this in the 300i's user manual). Follow these steps--first, turn off your iPhone's internal Bluetooth, then plug in the 300i to the dock connector, and then turn on your platinum v2.2 foxL. It will take 30 seconds or so, but they will eventually pair.  I'll make a long story short on the listening tests: the sound quality via the 300i's aptX Bluetooth, compared to the iPhone's built-in Bluetooth, is a slight improvement. The bass is more defined and tight, and the high frequencies are more extended. But I'm still distracted by the frequently audible static inherent in the Bluetooth connection. Admittedly, it's only noticeable during very quiet music passages, but when you use the wired connection--whether via supplied Audioquest Evergreen cable or any decent quality stereo mini plug connector cable--the static simply isn't there at all.  Wired is the way to go if you want the true audiophile experience. Bluetooth works fine for "non-critical" listening, but don't waste your money on an aptX dongle unless you can find it for a really good price.		Received the item fast and packaged well. I liked the 30 ft. length and the woven black and blue. The first time that I tried it out, it would not work on anything that we tried it on. I contacted the seller and explained that I had bought this for a conference that we were havening, and he overnighted a new one for me without hesitation. That's backing up their product. This one worked perfectly and it saved the day. Great value for 30 feet!  Thanks again!		0		Electronics--Electronics
A3TAB2PFWR37DM--AIYZWEWTP1EPO		B000050HVR--B00000281P		I really enjoyed listening to this CD because it covered so much of Benny Goodman's long career. His hits, like "Sing, Sing, Sing!" and a couple of selections from his Carnegie Hall concert are here, but it also covers the early years before he was the "King of Swing" and the later ones when he broke new ground with his Sextet. This is a great album for those who are just getting into Benny Goodman, but it's interesting for those who already collect his music because it doesn't repeat the same songs that are on every record.		When this came out in 1992, it ran headlong into "Smells Like Teen Spirit," which ended up being the cataclysm that fossilized stadium rock and hair metal when they didn't even realize they were dinosaurs. A few years earlier, in 1989, Giant had a moderately successful single called "Love Welcome Home." It was a power ballad that had a pretty incredible guitar solo courtesy of their front-man Dann Huff (session player extraordinaire and all around nice guy). The video got good rotation on MTV and they ended up touring with Heart and a few other successful AOR bands. Unfortunately, they waited a little too long to release their follow up and found themselves in the bargain bin. I was one of the few who bought it at the time (on cassette believe it or not), and although I'd loved their debut in '89, this one sounded very, very dated thanks to the aforementioned Nirvana song. So I trashed it. I was riding my alternative high horse at the time and refused to listen to anything that sounded like it was released prior to 1992 (unless it actually was released prior to 1992, of course - those were saved by the grandfather clause). Anyway, flash forward 18 years, and I come across the album on Rhapsody. I gave it a listen just for grins - and liked it. At some point in the intervening years, I must have unconsciously decided that I don't need to be a music snob; if I like it, I like it, and that's all I need. After all, dinosaurs may be dead, but they're still pretty stinkin' cool, right? And I like this. So I bought it on CD, so it would sit nicely along side "The Last of the Runaways" in my rack. It's got everything a fan of guitar-driven rock loves: big choruses, crisp -- and awesome -- guitar solos, bluesy lead vocals, stacked backing vocals, power ballads, everything. Typical of the genre, almost every song deals with love (forbidden, lost, unrequited, or neverending, take your pick). Otherwise, you're being told how awesome it is to be in a band, and, hey, listen to this rad guitar solo I'm gonna lay down for you. Cheesy? Yes (and I mean that in the best possible way). Fun? Abso-freaking-lutely! Throw up your rock fist!		0		CDs and Vinyl--CDs and Vinyl
A2TYCANMRZQ9SK--AW1FC4GVMC9CI		B00HZZKJQ8--B00JSJMSS6		Why all the hate for this table? I was really worried because of the negative reviews, but this thing is almost perfect.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that it *is* rather light. You can put dinner on it. You can put a laptop on it. You cannot use it to help you get up from your seat, expecting it to hold your full weight ;) I also wouldn't necessarily trust it as a table for particularly young children to use to eat things which may be shifted over an edge and spilled.  But those are all descriptions of user errors. I don't know what was going on with the negative reviewers (maybe there's a wide variance in manufacturing quality from batch to batch?), but MY table is quite wonderful for the price.		The cover is well made and fit my 2015 Honda Fit wheel like a glove.  As others have said, there is a strong smell.  In addition to the smell - I also had a kind of allergic reaction.  I got nasal congestion after driving and even worse, I drove home and forgot to wash my hands before eating dinner with my hands & my mouth broke out in bumps.		0		Home and Kitchen--Automotive
A1KOPI01UZ6CX3--A1KOPI01UZ6CX3		B010X507KY--B0071IE8F2		This cookware set is really simple but really great. As you can see from my pictures and video you can fit a can of fuel and the compact stove inside this so it takes up less room in your bag while camping. (THE CAN OF FUEL AND THE STOVE ARE THERE TO SHOW HOW IT FITS - IT DOES NOT COME WITH THESE ITEMS)  The mesh bag is really nice. Very nice feel to the mesh. It's heavier then some of the cheap bags i have had in the past. The open and close mechanism works really well and it is smooth. No hang ups. The mesh bag is nice because you can put them away wet and they will be able to have air flow to dry.  The two pieces fit together nicely holding the stove and can of fuel together nicely. If you are going to cook on fire you could wrap up eggs and put them inside or some other food item to save room.  the handles are curved so they fit nicely against the pots so they are not sticking out when they are in the mesh bag. pull them out and you have a stable handle. they are rubber coated so if they get warm they are easier to handle.		The measurements when I got this were flipped on the description so it looked like it would be taller then it really was.  So this would not fit over the lounge chairs we were wanting it for.  Other then that the item looked good.  Popped out easily.  Let me caution you it pops out very forcefully don't have a little child next to you when you open it up.  Another thing is it almost takes two people to fold back up as it's very awkward.  I would not buy this again and in fact dis not keep this.		1		Sports and Outdoors--Sports and Outdoors
A1I7GOZ3UXSNUA--A1I7GOZ3UXSNUA		B0002I0GVS--B0055L8RRC		I have two dogs who eat this dog food, and we love the product. It is high quality and worth the money. Amazon, however has delivered it to me 3 times now in torn open packages... Today I received a bag with a 'packing list enclosed' bag over a huge hole! I'm paying for a new, unadulterated product. Who in their right mind would send that out! Now I have to carry this 30 lb bag of dog food down the stairs to the garbage and spend another 50$ on dog food. (This is the THIRD TIME this has happened) I cannot believe the quality of service from Amazon. I really cannot trust food from there for myself or my pet.		My dog is a pretty smart and a quick learner, but she became confused and associated the noise and the shock with the yard. It actually just made it so that when she ran away she wouldn't come back to the yard, and pretty much made her traumatized about going out. I was limited in my ability to train her on this device because I live in a duplex and so I couldn't put down flags in the shared yard. That may have helped. I am still giving it 4 stars, because it is a great product. It functioned the way it was supposed to, but it maybe just wasn't a good fit for myself and my dog.		1		Pet Supplies--Pet Supplies
A2H3S6LJO6EIPQ--A2H3S6LJO6EIPQ		B0002DGSRO--B01CP0XHG6		Well it does grow grass... it had a lot of mold at first, so I removed that with a spoon. It started growing grass within 3 days.... BUT my cats won't touch it. I have inside cats that have onpy ever went outside twice and they were in a kennel at that (I was moving) so I'm not sure if they just don't know what grass is, or what...		Bought these for my cartledge piercing. I can't wear normal ear rings because the end of the stud always pokes me in the back of my head when I sleep making it extremely uncomfortable, so I've always worn tragus earings instead. When I saw these I thought they were super cute and thought it would be kind of cute being able to see the gem from the front and back when my hair was up. The ONLY complaint I have is it was nearly impossible to get the d*mn thing in! It took me and two other girls pulling and yanking my ear this way and that to get the thing screwed in. It's just so tiny. I'm used to "capping off" the studs with the balls on the back, not screwing the back into the stud. So that may be ok for some people but I personally hated it. Sooooooooo yeah. But it is cute none the less. Did take almost a month to get here though		1		Pet Supplies--Clothing Shoes and Jewelry
A2CFJIJR3A37W9--A2CFJIJR3A37W9		B000OBVIGU--0763631434		I love this little tee shirt. It is very feminine, not boxy like men's tee shirts. I bought 2 of these & I will be buying more in the future. I purchased a size large. I have a 38 bust & a little poochie in the tummy area. A large is perfect for me and will look even better soon, as I am in the process of losing weight.		My son is a ship captain and everyone calls him the Pirate. When I saw this book, I just had to buy it for him. He really likes this book and has gotten a lot of enjoyment out of reading it. It's very informative and fun. If you have a Pirate in your life, this is the book for them.		1		Clothing Shoes and Jewelry--Books
A3S4R06GYSBBUW--A3S4R06GYSBBUW		B000UTFFLA--B004GFN2ZA		The weave on the straps is really loose, it would only take something small catching a loop of the web to warp it really bad. The straps are also very rough and lumpy, and the whole construction just doesn't feel sturdy. I was going to try it out, but my dog refused to walk when I put it on her. She's my model for The Dog Geek blog, and doesn't mind wearing sledding harnesses, mobility harnesses, tutus, or Halloween costumes. She minded this backpack, so I took her word for it and returned it.		I originally gave this product one star for identifying my dog's purebred 30lb Australian cattledog mother as half bullmastiff. I contacted the customer service department asking for an explanation and sent them pictures of my dog and his mother. I was told that my case was being escalated and I would hear back from them in approximately 21 business days. In 25 business days I got a call from a doctor on the staff and had a marvelous conversation about genetics and breed groups and dominant versus recessive traits.  It turns out that my dog's mother was from a slightly different genetic group than the Australian cattledogs that were included in the Wisdom Panel results, so the test didn't immediately identify her as purebred. Turns out the bullmastiff genes were from his father's side and now we have a much more logical picture of his breed mix. We even speculated on his father, a mastiff/staffordshire/spaniel mix, and how his coloring and short hair and floppy ears must have made him look like a beagle mix.  Overall it was a wonderful experience and definitely elevated my opinion of the product far above "throwing darts at a breed chart." I would recommend everyone get in touch with the company if your results are unbelievable.		1		Pet Supplies--Pet Supplies
A1H2WJSALF3E9U--A1H2WJSALF3E9U		B01CCK4YUW--B00EV8ZN3Q		We bought these for my 7 year old, he's a little on the small side so probably would be good for average size 5-6 year olds as well. They fit great, are a little longer than a lot of products that are similar which we like, and come in a good selection of colors. Having 7 in a pack over the usual 5 was also a bonus because honestly I don't get thru laundry every five days. He wears them around the house with nothing else and wears them to school under clothes. He's comfortable in them and we would recommend them for sure.		Nike makes a quality product. These have great optics and do a good job at blocking light while remaining easy to see through. Not too dark. Frames are comfortable. The comfort pads at the temples and the bridge make for a soft feel and prevent the glasses from slipping off.		1		Clothing Shoes and Jewelry--Clothing Shoes and Jewelry
