A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B00MP3H6WU--B014MIBWIO		The NeverKink Lite Garden Hose is a noticeably lighter hose that resists kinking.  It's well made and fairly sturdy.  The 9/16 inch diameter offers more than enough water flow and pressure for most garden and home tasks.  I've had my fair share of hoses that never kink and the NeverKink Lite does a pretty good job.  After a few days of use, there were a limited amount of kinks, maybe twice.  Neither were what I would consider a huge issue and a simple shake or pull of the hose relieved them.  However, with time, I'm sure kinking might be a more common occurrence.  Kinking (or lack there of) I would give a 4 out of 5 stars.  Overall quality is great.  The hose is fairly thick and doesn't appear to easily wear or tear when roughed up against concrete or the corners of brick, etc.  The fittings are good and the quality is a 4 out of 5 stars.  The weight is fairly impressive.  It is noticeably lighter than many hoses.  While the "shrinking" style of hoses are much lighter, they are also more prone to wear and malfunction.  The NeverKink Lite is a good trade, offering both quality and a lighter product.  The weight makes this a much more useable hose and usability gets a 5 out of 5 stars.		The Lenovo Y700 15.6" Gaming Laptop features some great hardware and power, packed into a fairly sleek box.  The specs are pretty impressive and the overall design and quality is better than what I have experienced with some Lenovo products in the past.  The battery life isn't awesome, but with this power and gaming performance, it's on par.  It's a pretty impressive experience.  Packed with an Intel Core i7-6700 processor, 12 GB of DDR3L memory, and a 256 GB solid state drive, this laptop delivers a fast and responsive experience, both in gaming and everyday usage.  The keyboard is great to type on with good key spacing and a nice backlight.  The track pad is not the best on a Lenovo product, but it is very, very good.  The display, combined with awesome sound quality from the JBL speakers puts the games front and center.  The entertainment experience, either in gaming or watching videos, is excellent.  There is also plenty of expandability and ports for extending the device.  While the design is not my cup of tea, you cannot ignore the machine's power.  The laptop has too many angles and odd design choices, but that will likely appeal to the majority of the gamers on the market.  It offers a great cooling solution and while the laptop is hefty at 5.6lbs and somewhat large, it's among the best mobile gaming solutions that includes discrete graphics.  It's actually one of the lighter and more reasonably compact gaming laptops with this much power.  Overall, the Y700 is a laptop packed with power that will deliver a great gaming experience.		1		Patio Lawn and Garden--Electronics
A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B01CEFEMFW--B00E5TMVSQ		The Logitech G900 Chaos Spectrum Professional Grade Wired/Wireless Gaming Mouse is solid, functional, and performs extremely well.  The battery life appears to be good, although I see it being used more in a wired setting for myself.  The customizations are top notch, and the mouse itself is a functional masterpiece that gets the job done.  While the G900 commands a hefty price, you can be assured that it has a solid construction and its premium features warrant paying a bit extra.  Everything down to the cable screams quality.  The buttons, sensors, and switches are firm and have a great tactile feel.  While it is a solid device, it doesn't feel too heavy and it is a smooth mouse in operation.  It contours to the hand very nicely.  My preference is to use it in wired mode, but I have not noticed any lag in the wireless or wired modes.  It is performing flawlessly.  It's one of the best gaming mice I've had the pleasure of using.		The Silverback Basketball Mini Hoop is one of the best mini basketball goals I've had the pleasure of using.  Assembly was quick and simple and only required a maximum of five minutes.  The materials are top notch and it's great to play on.  The rim is all metal and the basketball feels nearly like a real, full size basketball.  When peeling the protective plastic off the backboard there were some obvious wear marks/scratches.  It didn't concern me very much, but some of them were noticeable.  The goal is very sturdy, though.  It has soft foam on the rear to protect your door and the pieces are nice and solid.  If you tried to break you certainly could, but overall, it's a very nice build.  Overall, it's by far the best mini basketball goal I've ever used.  I'll get plenty of use out of this.		1		Video Games--Sports and Outdoors
A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B01G3NMNNE--B001D79A96		Maverick's Mens Relaxed-Fit Jeans are a really comfortable pair of denim jeans.  They have a great quality and weight about them, I think they can really stand up well to time and work.  The pockets are a nice size (something I often miss in many of today's clothing).  The fit along the bottom of the leg was actually great, as was the waist.  The waist was actually spot on.  However, even know they are relaxed I think they were still a bit too large in the seat and thigh.  I really do like how durable they are, though.		The Midori Traveler's notebook Pen holder is a nifty accessory.  It's not adhesive like other pen loops/holders, but I consider that to be a plus.  This pen holder has more class to it and fits in better with most notebooks, planners, or tablet cases.  It can also be easily removed and used elsewhere.  The pen loop is a bit tight, but it will stretch some with time.  If you find that it is too tight, you could place a pen or item that is a bit larger in it and let it stretch.  Just keep in mind that with time and use all pen loops/holders expand and stretch.  I really like the Midori Traveler pen holder though, it's great for students, home users, and business users.		1		Clothing Shoes and Jewelry--Office Products
A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B000E89B5S--B01HGNROHA		This Rampage LED Clip On Light is a good option for those without lights in their car or if you are looking for a little extra light.  The brightness is pretty decent. I would like it if it produced a little more light, but it still does a good job.  The clip is very strong, almost too strong.  Be careful about attaching it to some fabrics and materials, as it is a very tight clip with sharp edges.  The angle is easily adjustable and swivels to almost any angle/degree.  Great for cars, but could have many more uses as you can clip it to almost anything.		Smith Abrasives JIFF-Elite Knife and Scissors Sharpener (50843) provides a safe and easy way to keep your knives and scissors sharp.  Working with knives was simple and it literally only took a few strokes, as indicated.  I found that the scissors required a little extra work, but it still got the job done. Best of all, it's safe and easy to use.  Definitely handy to keep around the house.		1		Tools and Home Improvement--Tools and Home Improvement
A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B019GZJP3M--B01GSRSTZG		The Gourmet Basics Vienna Acacia Wood Fruit Bowl by Mikasa is a beautiful piece that adds warmth to your kitchen.  It's a good size and also includes a banana hook.  The wood has a nice finish and feels sturdy.  It's a nice looking piece.  If you don't like the banana hook, I see no reason why you couldn't leave that off.  It holds a good amount of fruit.  The bowl looks great sitting on the counter, with or without fruit.  While it is a simple piece, it does a great job of adding warmth to the room.		The Steamfast SF-445 Compact Fabric Steamer does an excellent job of heating up quickly and providing enough power and steam to take care of multiple garments.  It's small and compact, but provides just enough punch.  It heats up in about two minutes and really does provide enough steam to work through several articles of clothing, curtains, or whatever might be wrinkled and needing steamed in your home.  It's easy to use and best of all, the eight foot cord provides plenty of slack to move around.  The bottom features a nonslip grip and the handle placement makes it easy to maneuver.  Overall, it's a great steamer in a compact form!		1		Home and Kitchen--Home and Kitchen
A10Y058K7B96C6--A10Y058K7B96C6		B00E5TMVSQ--B01F5GJ87O		The Silverback Basketball Mini Hoop is one of the best mini basketball goals I've had the pleasure of using.  Assembly was quick and simple and only required a maximum of five minutes.  The materials are top notch and it's great to play on.  The rim is all metal and the basketball feels nearly like a real, full size basketball.  When peeling the protective plastic off the backboard there were some obvious wear marks/scratches.  It didn't concern me very much, but some of them were noticeable.  The goal is very sturdy, though.  It has soft foam on the rear to protect your door and the pieces are nice and solid.  If you tried to break you certainly could, but overall, it's a very nice build.  Overall, it's by far the best mini basketball goal I've ever used.  I'll get plenty of use out of this.		The Withings Activite Steel HR watch is everything you want in a watch combined with smart/activity tracking.  The watch is a very stylish piece.  It looks beautiful, with the classic hands and styling of a normal watch.  The glass and the case are really well finished.  It may not have tons of smart watch features, but most of the activity tracking that you would expect is there:  walking, running, and sleep monitoring.  Best of all?  No charging.  It uses a standard watch battery and while I haven't been able to test out its entire battery life yet, I have high hopes.  For those looking for a elegant watch that also monitors activity, you would be hard pressed to find something else as nice looking ast the Activite Steel.  It may not have tons of smart watch features, but the looks, battery life, and good activity tracking definitely make it a worthwhile contender.		1		Sports and Outdoors--Sports and Outdoors
A10Y058K7B96C6--AF1H4YRBRMBB9		B0001ZWZ8O--B003BK0DX0		The PetSafe Free to Roam Wireless Fence is a great alternative to the typical pet fences.  It's easy to setup and works well.  The PetSafe Fence is easy to get going and can be easily setup in about an hour or so.  I was able to contact support for a couple of questions and they were readily available to assist.  It provides pretty good coverage that will likely suit the needs of most users (up to 1/2 acre).  The collar was fairly comfortable and did not appear to bother the dog.  We are still doing some adjusting with the levels, but it appears to work very well.  Overall, a nice product without the hassle of the typical pet fence.		My 4 year old Shih Tzu is super picky about what he will/won't eat and has stomach problems. I bought this in hopes he'd at least try it, and he's gone through the whole bag, one a day. I don't think he has thrown up since we changed to these from Dentastix, everything else in his diet staying the same...... The vets don't seem to think his upset stomach is a big deal, but they've never seen him when he's in the middle of an episode. It's more like a seizure. I've got him off wheat now. With all his other issues, the dental cleaning is just an added bonus. I would recommend these and wish they'd get them in bulk on Subscribe & Save.		0		Pet Supplies--Pet Supplies
A10Y058K7B96C6--A2CGORRQGDEL37		B01DGDVXRG--B0013W6EJU		Franklin Sports' Quikset Anywhere Basketball goal is a nifty item to have fun with at the office (whoops), home, or just about anywhere.  It sets up easily and includes a pump for the ball.  The basketball is your typical ball for these setups.  Some mini basketball hoops include a more realistic ball, but this one is fairly average.  It is attached with adhesive, fyi.  They include extra sets of adhesives, as well.  The backboard and hoop are fairly light, so no problems there.  Overall, quick and easy setup and fun to use!		After multiple operations on my right hand, I was looking for something to help strengthen my fingers but I had no idea which resistance to choose.  The medium resistance was perfect.  It fit my average-sized, lady's hands and provides just the right amount of resistance without being too easy or too hard.		0		Sports and Outdoors--Sports and Outdoors
A10Y058K7B96C6--A2U3Z7K39QFBKM		B0073QWENK--B00I8Q1KTS		This set of 5 Sterling Silver Round Sapphire Stud Earrings offers a decent selection of colors.  The actual studs are a bit on the small side, but as a set this is a pretty good buy.  You get a set in white, lavender, orange, pink, and blue.  The mounts are fairly standard and appear to be well made.  The posts have a good length on them, so they are easily put on and removed.  The nuts were fairly tight, but over time that will likely solve itself.  Overall, a pretty good buy.		These helped finally convince me that since I'm not concerned with trying to look like a man with chest-spandex on, hoping my buddies will notice by budding muscles, that I don't need the higher end companies' shirts either. These are affordable, clean easily, dry quick, helps you cool down. They other shirts do that too, just for 20 bucks more, so why bother?		0		Clothing Shoes and Jewelry--Clothing Shoes and Jewelry
A10Y058K7B96C6--AFDNMGBAONEV4		B01G3NMNNE--B007BFPTGC		Maverick's Mens Relaxed-Fit Jeans are a really comfortable pair of denim jeans.  They have a great quality and weight about them, I think they can really stand up well to time and work.  The pockets are a nice size (something I often miss in many of today's clothing).  The fit along the bottom of the leg was actually great, as was the waist.  The waist was actually spot on.  However, even know they are relaxed I think they were still a bit too large in the seat and thigh.  I really do like how durable they are, though.		Collectors, if you were like me and wrestling over the issue of what Batman figure to put on display with you standard 6-7" series shelf, this is it.   The costume has redesigned texture giving it similar appeal to the Batman Begins figure suits, but colored similar to the favorite Animated Series era. He stands impressive but just shorter than most Superman figures, and is all around the most versatile design. This figure is undeniably Batman, not of any special generation, or explanations needed when standing with your DC shelf.   Not too much mobility, so I'm not sure how it would play well for children. There are Mattel figures of Batman with much more articulation and accessories which may be better suited for action scenes and playtime.		0		Clothing Shoes and Jewelry--Toys and Games
